docs(concepts/module-federation): Using Dynamic Remotes (#3783)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/concepts/module-federation.md

Many applications share a common components library which could be built as a container with each component exposed. Each application consumes components from the components library container. Changes to the components library can be separately deployed without the need to re-deploy all applications. The application automatically uses the up-to-date version of the components library.

## Dynamic Remote Containers

> The container interface supports `get` and `init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container interface supports `get` and `init` methods.
```

> `init` is a possible async method that is called with one argument: the share scope object. This object is used as share scope in the remote container and is filled with the provided modules from a host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`init` is a method (`async` compatible) that is called with one argument: the share scope object. This object is used as share scope in the remote container and is filled with the provided modules from a host.
```

> `init` is a possible async method that is called with one argument: the share scope object. This object is used as share scope in the remote container and is filled with the provided modules from a host.

Reviewer 2: I am also not clear on this one, is it "shared" vs "share"?:
```suggestion
`init` is a `async` compatible method that is called with one argument: the shared scope object. This object is used as a shared scope in the remote container and is filled with the provided modules from a host.
```

It can be leveraged to connect remote containers to a host container dynamically at runtime

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you provide an example filename for additional context for the reader in each of the code examples? Would it be something like:
```
__app.js__

```

Author: Will do

```js
(async () =>{
  // Initializes the share scope. This fills it with known provided modules from this build and all remotes
  await __webpack_initialize_sharing__('default');
  const container = window.someContainer; // or get the container somewhere else
  // Initialize the container, it may provide shared modules
  await container.init(__webpack_share_scopes__.default);
  const module = await container.get('./module');
})();
```

> The container might try to provide shared modules, but if the shared module has already been used this will result in a warning and the provided shared module will be ignored. The container might still use it as a fallback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The container tries to provide shared modules, but if the shared module has already been used, a warning and the provided shared module will be ignored. The container might still use it as a fallback.
```

> The same way you could dynamically load an A/B test, which provides some newer versions of a shared module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 This way you could dynamically load an A/B test which provides different version of a shared module.
```

> > Ensure you have loaded the container.js file before attempting to dynamically connect a remote container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T > Ensure you have loaded the container.js file before attempting to dynamically connect a remote container
```

> > Ensure you have loaded the container.js file before attempting to dynamically connect a remote container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
T> Ensure you have loaded the `container.js` file before attempting to dynamically connect a remote container.
```
